README.md, before:

# Import Wishlist

[![Chrome users](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/jenjpehgcedkjfjmelkodhagcogpbmgl?label=Chrome%20users&logo=googlechrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/import-wishlist/jenjpehgcedkjfjmelkodhagcogpbmgl)
[![Edge users](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Edge%20users&query=%24.activeInstallCount&url=https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/getproductdetailsbycrxid/fpjkbmpnfckpnaiijocjdfcjddnkjhnb&logo=microsoftedge)](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/import-wishlist/fpjkbmpnfckpnaiijocjdfcjddnkjhnb)

This is a chrome extension that helps you to import your Steam wishlist to your GOG.com account.

![Image that shows what the extension does](.github/extension.png)

## Installation

> The extension is available on Chrome Web Store and Microsoft Edge Add-ons.

[![Chrome download link](badges/chrome.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/import-wishlist/jenjpehgcedkjfjmelkodhagcogpbmgl/)
[![Edge download link](badges/edge.png)](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/import-wishlist/fpjkbmpnfckpnaiijocjdfcjddnkjhnb)

Commit message:

Added Firefox badge and link to README Added Import Wishlist logo to README

README.md, after:

<img src=".github/logo.svg" alt="Import Wishlist logo" width="350" />

[![Chrome users](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/jenjpehgcedkjfjmelkodhagcogpbmgl?label=Chrome%20users&logo=googlechrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/import-wishlist/jenjpehgcedkjfjmelkodhagcogpbmgl)
[![Edge users](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Edge%20users&query=%24.activeInstallCount&url=https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/getproductdetailsbycrxid/fpjkbmpnfckpnaiijocjdfcjddnkjhnb&logo=microsoftedge)](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/import-wishlist/fpjkbmpnfckpnaiijocjdfcjddnkjhnb)
[![Firefox users](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/import-wishlist?label=Firefox%20users&color=4c1&logo=firefoxbrowser)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/import-wishlist/)

This is a chrome extension that helps you to import your Steam wishlist to your GOG.com account.

![Image that shows what the extension does](.github/extension.png)

## Installation

The extension is available on Chrome Web Store, Microsoft Edge Add-ons and Firefox Add-ons.

[![Chrome download link](badges/chrome.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/import-wishlist/jenjpehgcedkjfjmelkodhagcogpbmgl/)
[![Edge download link](badges/edge.png)](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/import-wishlist/fpjkbmpnfckpnaiijocjdfcjddnkjhnb)
[![Firefox download link](badges/firefox.png)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/import-wishlist/)
